Scenario
In this walkthrough we create, configure, and deploy a Docker container to Azure Container Instances (ACI) in the Azure Portal. The container is a Welcome to ACI web application that displays a static HTML page.
Task 1: Create a container instance
In this task, we will create a new container instance for the web application.
1. Open your choice of web browser and sign in to the Azure portal by navigating to https://portal.azure.com and entering the following Azure Credentials:
o Username: alumnoXX@juanquijanodemos.onmicrosoft.com
o Password: AzurePa55w0rd1234
2. On Stay signed in? select Yes.
3. From the All services blade, search for and select Container instances and then click + Create.
4. Provide the following Basic details for the new container instance (leave the defaults for everything else):
SettingValueSubscriptionAula01Resource groupRGalumnoXXContainer namemycontainerxxxxRegionnortheuropeImage sourceQuickstart imagesImagemcr.microsoft.com/azuredocs/aci-helloworld:latest (Linux)SizeLeave at the default5. Click Next: Networking > and configure the Networking tab (replace xxxx with letters and digits such that the name is globally unique). Leave all other settings at their default values.
Note: Your container will be publicly reachable at dns-name-label.region.azurecontainer.io. If you receive a DNS name label not available error message following the deployment, specify a different DNS name label and re-deploy.
SettingValueDNS name labelmicontenedordnsxxxxxx6. In Monitoring tab disable “Enable container instance logs” check.
7. Click Review + Create to start the automatic validation process.
8. Click Create to create the container instance.
9. Monitor the deployment page and the Notifications page.
10. While you wait you may be interested in viewing the sample code behind this simple application at the following link (Browse the \app folder) : https://github.com/Azure-Samples/aci-helloworld
Task 2: Verify deployment of the container instance
In this task, we verify that the container instance is running by ensuring that the welcome page displays.
1. After the deployment is complete, click the Go to resource link the deployment blade or the link to the resource in the Notification area.
2. On the Overview blade of mycontainer, ensure your container Status is Running.
3. Locate the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN).

4. Copy the container's FQDN into the URL text box web browser and press Enter. The Welcome page should display.

Congratulations! You have now completed this lab. You can safely end your lab.

